This is the divorce agreement between you and Jiang Rou
Sign it. Who does that mean?
Don't you understand?
Now Jiang Rou is one of the few divas in China
You two are no longer on the same level
So I signed this divorce agreement
Good for both of you.
Don't you forget
Rong'er became famous overnight
Step by step to the position of the queen
But I gave him a chance.
Chufan
I want you to clarify your position.
Do you think you deserve it?
As for what happened back then
If the masked singer hadn't cherished his talent
How could he possibly become wealthy overnight?
Don't you think
You are the top godfather of the Chinese music scene
Exactly.
I'm a God
Chu Fan, I admit that you have been very kind to me these past few years
Don't ask me if I'm still hesitating
But you look so ignorant
Happened to win my choice
Let's get a divorce.
This card contains you
Enough for you
The Bronze Man who knelt for a day
Is it worth it? What does it have to do with you?
Hurry up and sign this agreement and roll the eggs with the money
Signed him last time
But it's the title after that day
I can also give you the beauty of the queen.
Let me tell you
Now Jiang Long
But it was taken by the director of Star and Moon Media
He will want the same day in the future.
Now you know the difference between the two of you
Want to be the law of the music world
What queen's name do you get?
It's just a piece of cake for me
Easy
Going out is enough
Except for the prince of Xingyun Media
No one can do it at all
Wang Xingxing, help me arrange it.
I'll arrange for an announcement now
Wang Xingxing
You wouldn't say
He is President Wang of Xingyue Media, right?
Yes, I will arrange it for him clearly
Enough Chufan
Don't be funny
I know it hit you hard to divorce me
But you want to go through this kind of thing
Restore your rigor
Chuwen
Your behavior is in my eyes
Like a clown
I quickly got the money
When you cheated